where is the patient coming right down
doctor :
you enter a major metropolitan hospital
for routine surgery what's the matter I
don't know something goes wrong she
never woke up no what if it wasn't an
accident
now the number one best-selling mystery
becomes the most thrilling suspense film
of a year Jovie Abuja is dr. Susan
wheeler and about a dozen of these coma
cases here in the last year they're
always different hard to imagine as
murder
are you sure Susan what do you think
there's a conspiracy at the Boston
Memorial Hospital I'm fine I don't need
a shrink but I think it's important to
have on the record he's under stress a
little paranoid but she thinks there's a
conspiracy does she think you're
involved Michael Douglas is dr. mark
bellows no no I don't think so
first rule of Krampus keep it simple
somebody is putting people into comas
they're murdering them it's a four three
six seven the bidding now stands at 42
five a thirty one-year-old male at
Boston Memorial Hospital only one doctor
can save your life
the first she's got to save her own
Susan we have to do something this is
real life somebody's seen too much
what's the matter I don't know what the
matter isn't somebody's gone too far
somebody's getting away with murder